---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

### What did I do this past week?
My partner and I turned in our Netflix project a day before it was due. It was a huge relief to have the project completed. In lecture, I learned about all of the 
different types of iterators in C++ and how to use them. On Wednesday, we had a guest speaker from the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) talk to us 
about what it is like to be a software engineer at JLP and what he does at his job. I also had interviews this week with a few of the companies that I talked to 
at the career fair.

### What's in my way?
As in the previous weeks, my biggest hurdle is having adequate time to complete my coursework and fulfill my obligations. I must prepare for another interview that is scheduled this week and study for an exam that is in one of my other classes. Additionally, I should start preparing for this class’ first exam scheduled for Thursday of the following week.

### What will I do next week?
Next week, I will prepare for an interview, study for another class’ exam, and begin to study for the first exam in this class. 

### Pick-of-the-week
[D3.js](https://d3js.org/) is a cool javascript library for creating data visualizations with useful data-driven transformations. I learned how to use this library and became very familiar with it at my previous internship. It has a high learning curve, but is definitely worth the required time and effort needed to get the hang of it. I urge you to go to the website and check out some of the interesting and fun sample visualizations!
