---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week my partner and I started project 4 for OOP and got most of the project done by the end of Friday afternoon. All that is left is to write up unit tests for all of our functions, 
write some more comments, clean the code, create a UML diagram, and make sure we have everything in place for our final submission. This past week was a chill week compared to the past few weeks. I didn't have any exams or interviews. Also, in class we discussed project 4 on Monday, had a talk from Pariveda on Wednesday, and didn't even have class on Friday. I was also feeling sick all week but seemed to have finally recovered for the most part.

### What's in my way?
Some things in my way next week include an exam on Tuesday in Management, an exam on Thursday in Algorithms and Complexity, project 4 due on Thursday, and the usual homework, quizzes, and Physics lab/prelab. 

### What will I do next week?
There is a lot of work to be done for all of my classes this week. I have two exams to study for and take this week. I will also be working on and finishing project 4 by Thursday night and completing homework assignments as well as a physics lab. This week will be a lot busier than the previous one.

### Tip-of-the-week
Make sure to keep up with all of your schoolwork and assignments! This week have a project due as well as two exams. However, last week I had no tests or projects. It is extremely beneficial to use the "easy" weeks like last week to catch up so that the hard weeks, like this upcoming week, aren't nearly as bad. Basically, don't procrastinate.
