---
layout: post
title: Week Two
published: false
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week I began work on the Collatz project. It took some time to set up everything up on my Windows machine, but I finally got it done. 
In class, I learned about lazy, eager, and meta caches and ideas of how to implement them for the Collatz project. Professor Downing went 
over the Collatz project in detail on Wednesday. On Friday I learned about all of the ways functions can communicate with each other, 
as well as throwing and catching exceptions in C++.

### What's in my way?
The Collatz project is still in my way, I have to finish and turn it in by next Thursday. I need to keep up with my other classes as well and make sure to complete all of my homework 
assignments and do my labs.

### What will I do next week?
First, I need to finish the Collatz project that I started. All that's remaining is implementing a cache and writing some additional tests. I need to do the readings for this class as well 
as readings for some of my other classes. I have a few quizzes in other classes to prepare for as well as the daily ones in Professor Downing's class.

### What else?
I'm really enjoying being in Professor Downing's class. There is a lot of information to grasp in every lecture. The daily quizzes and potential to be asked a question 
during lecture ensures that you are paying attention 100% of the time. Overall, the class has been great so far; and, I've done well on all of the quizzes.


### Pick-of-the-week
For those trying to get Docker to work on Windows 10, I would recommend using Docker Toolbox instead of just Docker. This uses a VM to virtualize and does not require Hyper-V, allowing for 
Docker to be run correctly. Also, for file paths in Windows you should use "//c/Users/...". This took me a lot longer to figure out than expected (thank you anonymous Piazza poster).
