---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

### What did I do this past week?
The first week of class has already been filled with loads of new information. First, Professor Downing introduced himself and then proceeded to go over the class syllabus. The syllabus covered a large number of topics relating to the class such as the class site <http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/downing/cs371p/>, grading, projects, developer tools, etc. We went over the typical “Hello world!” program in C++ and compared it to Java. Later, we covered assertions in C++, unit tests using gtest, and coverage statistics using gcov. It was very clear that this class is going to require a substantial amount of work which will result in me gaining a lot of knowledge. At the end of the week I began setting up this blog. 

### What's in my way?
There are many things I will need to do in order to stay prepared for this class, one being to set up Docker on my Windows machine. I also need to complete a few readings before next week’s classes. Additionally, I feel it would be beneficial for me to do a few simple C++ tutorials since I have very little experience writing C++.

### What will I do next week?
Next week I will complete the assigned readings for class, study for the daily quizzes, complete some C++ tutorials, and set up Docker so I can start the first project.

### What else?
I’ve really enjoyed being in Professor Downing’s class. This class is different from my previous CS classes because of how social Professor Downing makes the class. During class Professor Downing will call on students at random and ask them questions about the topic he is currently covering. I really like this style of teaching because it keeps everyone focused on the class material and creates a lot of interactivity.

### Pick-of-the-week
[Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com) is a great way to practice your coding skills, access free tutorials, see how your code compares to others’, and potentially find an internship/job. The site has many challenges on topics such as data structures, algorithms, mathematics, AI, etc. and contains tutorials and problems for numerous programming languages.
