---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week began with in-depth learning on pointers and references in C++. My understanding of pointers and references is much better than at the start of the semester. On Wednesday, a software engineer from Bloomberg who had previously taken Professor Downing’s OOP class spoke to our class. He provided a great deal of insight as to what the real world of software engineering has to offer. Friday’s class consisted of learning about iterators in C++.

### What's in my way?
My biggest obstacle is having time to complete my work each week. I need to practice and learn more about pointers and references in C++, finish project 2, prepare for Tuesday’s career fair, complete some homework assignments, and study for a physics midterm that will take place on Wednesday.

### What will I do next week?
This upcoming week I will finish and turn in project 2, attend the CNS career fair, and hopefully, earn a good score on my physics midterm. I will also continue to practice and study C++ and all of its nuances. While at the career fair, I hope to meet many interesting people and learn about the different companies. My goal is to get some interviews so I can have an internship for next summer. 

### Pick-of-the-week
The much anticipated career fair is on Tuesday. If you plan to attend, I recommend brushing up on your interview skills, as well as studying some interview questions and material. Here is a relatively short blog post by someone in UTCS on CS interviews: [https://login.cs.utexas.edu/blog/how-interview](https://login.cs.utexas.edu/blog/how-interview) 