---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, my partner and I started project 4 for OOP. We were able to complete most of the project by the end of Friday afternoon. All that remains is to write up unit tests for all of our functions, write additional comments, clean the code, create a UML diagram, and make sure we have everything in place for our final submission. This past week was a chill week compared to the past few weeks. I didn’t have any exams or interviews. In class, we discussed project 4 on Monday and heard a presentation from Pariveda on Wednesday. We did not have class on Friday. To top it all off, I was feeling sick throughout the week. Fortunately, I seem to have finally recovered and am feeling near 100% now.

### What's in my way?
Some things in my way next week include an exam on Tuesday in Management, an exam on Thursday in Algorithms and Complexity, and project 4 is due on Thursday. And, of course, the usual homework, quizzes, and Physic's lab/prelab. 

### What will I do next week?
There is a good bit of work to be done for all of my classes this week. The two exams I have this week will require a lot of studying. I will also be working on project 4 and intend to finish it by Thursday night. In between these major activities, I will be completing homework assignments and the Physic's lab. This week will be significantly busier than the previous one.

### Tip-of-the-week
Make sure to keep up with all of your schoolwork and assignments! This week's project and two exams will make this a busier than usual school week. In contrast, last week was much easier than most. It is wise to use the “easy” weeks like last week to catch up, and even work ahead, so the hard weeks, like this one upcoming, aren’t nearly as bad. The tendency is to relax on the easy weeks, but a better tactic is to focus on things you can do to lighten the load on upcoming busy weeks. Don’t procrastinate!
