---
layout: post
title: Week Six
published: false
---

### What did I do this past week?
Constructors were covered in lecture this past week. The material was quite confusing at first; but after studying it for a bit, I feel I understand it much better. It is apparent from the most recent in-class quiz that a lot of the other students also did not understand the different constructors. This week, I had an interview for a summer internship and I am waiting to hear back from a few other companies. As a result of previous interviews, I have some additional interviews later this month so I will be preparing for those.

### What's in my way?
This upcoming week is going to be a hectic one. I have two exams; one in OOP and one in my Algorithms and Complexity class. I will spend much time studying for both of these important exams. Also, I need to start studying for the upcoming interviews scheduled for later this month. 

### What will I do next week?
I will be studying a lot for my two CS exams, as well as completing other homework and labs for other courses. I need to prepare for upcoming interviews and, as always, eat healthy, get enough sleep, and try to keep my sanity.

### Pick-of-the-week
[Learncpp.com](http://www.learncpp.com/): Here is a simple C++ tutorial website that might help in preparing for the upcoming exam, as well as getting a better handle of C++. This website is very useful with a lot of information about many topics that have been covered in class and some that haven't been taught. This site has also been useful when working on the class projects.
