---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
published: false
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, I had a Physics exam, a technical phone call interview with Facebook, multiple on-site interviews with HomeAway at their Austin office, and all of my usual classes and homework. My partner and I also finished up Project 3 and turned it in. In class, we continued to discuss how our written default and overloaded constructors affect how memory is allocated to us. We also implemented a simple version of vector in class in order to help see how the C++ vector class works and how it is used.

### What's in my way?
Project 4 was recently assigned and I’ve already found a partner. I hope to start this project earlier than the last one and work on it every day this week since this is the first week in a long time where I do not have any other big assignments, interviews, or exams. I’ll have to complete and turn in a few assignments for my Physics classes, Management class, and Algorithms and Complexity class as well. I’ll also try and get more sleep and eat healthy, especially since I seem to have gotten sick at the start of this weekend. I’ll also start studying for an upcoming exam in my Algorithms and Complexity class as well as for an exam in my Management class.

### What will I do next week?
I will be doing work for all of my classes. I will be finishing a Physics lab, completing a Physics homework, doing OOP readings, starting Project 4, taking Management quizzes, studying for exams, and finishing an Algorithms homework assignment.

### Tip-of-the-week
This week’s tip-of-the-week is to maintain a healthy diet and make sure to stay hydrated. Getting sick during the semester is NOT fun. It also makes it more difficult to complete assignments and go to classes. This is especially important going into the winter season. Stay healthy!
