---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, I started working on the first project. I haven’t finished it yet, however, so far, my code is passing all of the tests on HackerRank. In class, Professor Downing went over the project and a number of ways to solve it with different types of optimizations. Professor Downing also covered many ways of passing information between functions in Python.

### What's in my way?
I still need to finish the first project. For me, setting it up and turning it in once completed seems to take a large portion of the overall time I spend on the project. However, I do enjoy learning about, and then using, a variety of tools on the projects. Other things in my way are the readings for this class (and other classes), as well as quizzes and various daily assignments.

### What will I do next week?
I will complete the first project and turn it in. Hopefully, I will receive a better grade than I did on a similar project I completed in Object Oriented Programming last semester. I will also be trying to get more sleep because I have not been getting enough. In addition, the first round of exams for classes are approaching quicker than you might think. I will begin studying the examples in class, as well as all the notes, in order to prepare for the first exam in this course. I also plan to get an early start preparing for my other exams by reviewing all the material covered so far. This week will be very busy.

### What else?
After taking Professor Downing’s OOP class last semester, I’ve come to realize that this class is taught in a very similar way. Professor Downing seems to really push for discussion in class and wants everyone to be an active participant. I really enjoy Professor Downing’s teaching style and think any CS student at UT would benefit from taking at least one course that he teaches.
