---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week was the first week of classes. After attending all of my classes, I’ve come to realize that this semester is going to be a busy one. Thankfully, I’ve already taken a class taught by Professor Downing, so I have at least some idea of what to expect in his class. This week, we covered the syllabus, class website <http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/downing/cs373/>, projects, grading, and developer tools. Professor Downing then went over some simple programs in Python and compared then to Java. Finally, he covered assertions and unit testing in Python. It seems that this class is going to be filled with a lot of information, much like Professor Downing’s Object Oriented Programming class last semester.

### What's in my way?
I set up Docker on my Windows machine last semester, so I’m just waiting for Professor Downing to release the first project. I will also have to keep up with the class readings each week. As for my other classes, I have a lot of reading to do for my British Literature course and a fair amount of reading for my Business Law and Ethics class.

### What will I do next week?
I’m hoping to complete the first project for this class in minimal time since I already completed two similar projects last semester. The only difference will be that this project will be in Python instead of C++. I will also be completing some Python tutorials outside of class. For my other courses, I will have to keep up with daily quizzes and readings. As always, I will try to get plenty of sleep and maintain a healthy diet.

### Pick-of-the-week
[Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com) is a great way to practice your coding skills, access free tutorials, see how your code compares to others’, and potentially find an internship and/or permanent job. The site has many challenges on topics such as data structures, algorithms, mathematics, and AI. Its tutorials and problems span numerous programming languages. Many companies use this website to find future employees and as a tool for coding and logic questions used during interviews.
