---
layout: post
title: Final Week
---

### Thoughts on Spring 2017 CS373 Software Engineering with Professor Glenn Downing
This past week was the final one for this course. Classes consisted of final project presentations, which were interesting because it provided an opportunity to see how other groups designed and implemented their websites. We were also able to see how others used certain tools and if they used different tools. I also took the second exam and did well!

The remainder of this post will be about my thoughts on the class. Overall, I think this class is an awesome course to take if you want to get a taste of what it is like working in the industry. I say that because of the group projects. Each project had 5-6 group members and was split up into phases. The project required the use of certain tools that are relevant to the industry. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed working on the project and learned a lot of new information about tools and how web development works in general. It was exciting getting to work with so many other people and discussing tools, implementation, and working together to solve problems. The lectures are awesome as well, in my opinion. Some of the lectures can seem boring or too easy (specifically the XML lecture…), but overall I enjoy Professor Downing’s teaching style and how he manages to get every person in the class involved in the discussion. If you are someone who doesn’t like to go to class, then I would not suggest this class. There is a mandatory quiz at the beginning of most of the lectures. Also, Professor Downing suggests many useful and interesting readings that contain beneficial information for any computer science major. He also offers extra credit for attending talks from certain companies who come on campus. These not only help your grade, but they are also a great opportunity to see what the industry is actually like and how companies are different from each other, from their technologies to their cultures.

So, if you want to get a sense for what web development is like, or if you want to learn about Python, SQL, XML, Java, refactoring, or some combination of these subjects, then this class is also for you! Professor Downing covers all of these topics and each is important for anyone considering going into the industry. In conclusion, I highly recommend Professor Glenn Downing’s Software Engineering class for any computer science student. The information is extremely useful and the experience gained through the projects is priceless.

