---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, I had a Business Law exam and a British Literature exam. I thought both of them went well. In SWE, Professor Downing covered generators in Python. This was an entirely new thing for me, however, I’m definitely understanding them well.

### What's in my way?
This week, I only have an exam in this class, which is nice. I will need to spend all week preparing my notes and getting ready for the exam. My plan is to study all of my notes while preparing the one page of notes. I will also practice some Python.

### What will I do next week?
Next week, I will be preparing and taking exam one. Since there are only two exams in this class for the whole semester, it is important that I do well. I will need to complete a few assignments for my other classes, but almost all of my other time outside of class will be spent preparing my notes and studying for this exam.

### What's my experience of the class?
I can tell that students are starting to realize there is a large volume of information that comes with this class. Students are beginning to ask more and more questions. To me, this shows they do not initially understand the material. Like I said last week, this class is beginning to get into the more difficult parts. Based on the questions I am hearing during the lectures, I can tell that some of the students are falling behind. I would advise everyone to keep up with the readings, ask any questions you want answered in class (or on Piazza), and also make sure to review the notes that Professor Downing posts online after every lecture. It is important to ask questions right away or else risk falling further behind.  