---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week in class, Professor Downing covered regex (regular expression), XML, and SQL. The regex lecture was extremely valuable to me. I have never taken the time to learn regex on my own and it has never been taught to me, but I know it’s very popular and quite useful in many situations. The XML lecture was somewhat different and initially, I wasn't quite sure why Professor Downing decided to cover it. But, I do know it's useful to know and so the lecture was a good choice, overall. The SQL lecture was extremely useful since we already covered relational algebra. It should help with our project as well. For the project, I corrected the unit tests I originally wrote for Phase 3 and added more unit tests for Phase 4.

### What's in my way?
This week, I have a quiz in my Business Law class that is worth a significant portion of my overall grade. So, I will be studying for that, as well as studying for an exam in my British Literature class that is toward the end of the week.

### What will I do next week?
Next week, I will be studying for exams and hopefully doing well on them. I will also be keeping up with assignments and readings in all of my other classes.

### What's my experience of the class?
It’s been nice covering so many different topics in the lectures and finally getting to work with something other than Python. I’m really enjoying learning about relational algebra and SQL since I know those are very important topics when it comes to software engineering.

### Atlassian Presentation
On Monday night, I went to Atlassian’s presentation at the GDC. I really enjoyed hearing what they had to say and I was interested in a number of their topics. I liked how they went into detail about some problems they have encountered on the project they’re working on. I also enjoyed hearing what they had to say about Atlassian as a company and their corporate culture. I recently took their online coding challenge as part of the application process for an internship. The coding challenge lead to a follow up phone conversation with one of Atlassian's recruiters last week. I will be hearing back from them this week on whether or not I will have the opportunity to move to the next step, which would be an interview.