---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, my partner and I completed and turned in the Netflix project. Both of us had previously taken Professor Downing’s Object Oriented Programming class and had an idea of how we were going to do the project. So, we were able to complete the project without it taking too much time. Overall, it went very smoothly. I also went to both the FoCS Career Fair and the CNS Career Fair. I was able to talk to a good number of companies. As a result, I have already had one on-campus interview. I’m still waiting to hear back from a few of the other companies.

### What's in my way?
This week, I have exams in two other classes, so I will be studying for those. Also, I need to talk to my friends in this class to figure out who will be in our group for project 3. Next week is our first exam in this class, so I will start preparing for that by reviewing my notes and code samples that Professor Downing has listed on his website.

### What will I do next week?
Next week, I will be taking exams, one in British Literature and another in Business Law and Ethics. I will be studying for these exams right up until the time I take them. After those are finished, I will start preparing for the first Software Engineering Exam that will take place the following Thursday.

### What's my experience of the class?
The class is starting to get to the more difficult sections and is getting deeper into Python. I enjoy learning all of the cool things that you can do with Python, such as writing multiple for loops and if statements within a single line. I look forward to applying what I am learning.