---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, I started the Netflix project with my partner. We managed to complete most of it in one day. I also updated my resume in preparation for the CNS Career Fair and FoCS Career Fair coming up next week. In class, Professor Downing reviewed the Netflix project and how to calculate RMSE. Professor Downing also went over variables in Python and how they compare to variables in other languages, like Java.

### What's in my way?
My partner and I need to finish the Netflix project and turn it in before Thursday night. I will be going to two career fairs this week, so I will be very busy. However, I should still have more than enough time to work on the project after the career fairs conclude. Also, I have exams in two of my other courses the following week, so I will need to start preparing for those. I also need to complete many readings and exercises for other classes.

### What will I do next week?
Next week, I will be preparing for exams in other courses, attending the two career fairs, and hopefully getting a few interviews lined up. I will be finishing the Netflix project, completing exercises and homeworks for my classes, and, as always, trying to get a good amount of sleep and maintain a healthy diet.

### What's my experience of the class?
Professor Downing really tries to make sure that everyone in the class fully understands every detail of the material he covers about Python. Professor Downing has a reputation among his students for coming up with great analogies to help drive home the key points. I think this is what helps make him an effective teacher and why I've learned so much in his classes.
